Add param `includeSpreadsheetUploads` to `GetNotifications` (#109)
alphagov/notifications-net-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

The client only returns notifications that are 7 days old or newer. If the notification specified in this argument is older than 7 days, the client returns an empty response.

#### includeSpreadsheetUploads (optional)

> A boolean to set if you would like to include notifications that have been sent using a spreadsheet through the Notify interface.

Author: @quis I feel you may be able to offer me some suggestions on how to write all this better please :)

> A boolean to set if you would like to include notifications that have been sent using a spreadsheet through the Notify interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the response should include notifications sent by uploading a spreadsheet of recipients to Notify.
```

```csharp
bool includeSpreadsheetUploads = true;
```

> If you do not pass in this argument, `includeSpreadsheetUploads` will default to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not pass in this argument it defaults to `false`.
```
